README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://info.mollie.com/hubfs/github/prestashop/logo.png" width="128" height="128"/>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Mollie for Prestashop</h1>

> [Nederlands](README_NL.md) | [Deutsch](README_DE.md) | [Français](README_FR.md) | [Español](README_ES.md)

Download the [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) module for PrestaShop. Mollie is a payment service provider (PSP) which provides your online store with the most popular online payment methods. 

Receive payments from European customers with ease. Mollie provides payment methods at higly competitive rates. Only pay per transaction and no hidden fees.

Choose the best payment provider available for your online PrestaShop store. Create your merchant account at [Mollie.com](https://www.mollie.com/). 
Download and install the Mollie PrestaShop payment module and start receiving online payments now!

<!-- # PrestaShop payment service provider [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/). #

Download the [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) module for PrestaShop. Mollie is a payment service provider (PSP) which provides your online store with the most popular online payment methods. 

Our Multi-currency system allows you to receive payments from customers worldwide with ease. Mollie provides payment methods at higly competitive rates. Only pay per transaction and no hidden fees.

Choose the best payment provider available for your online PrestaShop store. Create your new merchant account at [Mollie.com](https://www.mollie.com/). 
Download and install the Mollie PrestaShop payment module and start receiving online payments now! -->

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mollie/PrestaShop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mollie/PrestaShop)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/mollie/PrestaShop.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Release badge](https://img.shields.io/github/release/mollie/PrestaShop.svg)](https://github.com/mollie/PrestaShop/releases/latest)

## Maintained by [Invertus](https://www.invertus.eu/). ##

## Compatible with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7 ##

** Please note: ** FTP access to your web server could be required for the installation of this module.
If you have no experience with this, then leave the installation of this module to your website developer or server administrator.

## Installation PrestaShop 1.7 ##

* Download the latest version of the module (the '.zip' file) via the [Releases page](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/releases) which is compatible 
with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7.
* Go to the administration panel of your PrestaShop webshop
* In your administration panel, select the 'Modules' tab and then choose 'upload a module' at the top right of your screen
* Select 'select file' and then upload the '.zip' file which you downloaded earlier
* After the module has been installed, choose 'configure'
* Enter your _API-key_ and save the data.

## Installation PrestaShop 1.6 ##

* Download the latest version of the module (the '.zip' file) via the [Releases-page](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/releases) which is compatible 
with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7.
* Go to the administration panel of your PrestaShop webshop
* In your administration panel, select the 'Modules' tab and then choose 'upload a module' at the top right of your screen
* Select 'select file' and then upload the '.zip' file which you downloaded earlier
* After the module has been installed, choose 'configure'
* Enter your _API-key_ and save the data.

## or ##

* Download the latest version of the module (the '.zip' file) via the [Releases-page](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/releases) which is compatible 
with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7.
* Extract the archive
* Copy the `mollie` folder to the` modules` folder via FTP in your PrestaShop installation
* Go to the tab 'Modules' in your administration panel and choose 'Payments and Gateways' in the 'Categories' list.
* Click on the 'install' button on the right of the Mollie Payment Module
* Enter your _API-key_ and save the data.

# Supported payment methods

### iDeal 

[iDEAL](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/ideal) makes paying for your online purchases safe, secure and easy.
iDEAL is a Dutch payment system which links customers directly to their online banking program when making an online purchase.

[Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) makes it easy to connect with iDEAL,  without the usual technical and administrative hassle.
Mollie gives you access to your transaction overviews and other statistics at any time. It is also possible to receive a notification by e-mail or SMS after every successful payment.

[Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) is the perfect partner for recieving iDEAL payments and it is not surprising that [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) provides iDEAL payments 
for more than 40,000 websites.

### Credit card
[Credit card](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/credit-card) is virtually the best-known method for receiving payments with global coverage. 

Because [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) supports the biggest credit card brands like Mastercard, VISA and American Express, your store will attract a lot more potential buyers.

### Bancontact
[Bancontact](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/bancontact) uses a physical card that is linked to credit on a Belgian bank account. Payments via Bancontact / Mister Cash are guaranteed and strongly resemble the iDEAL payment system for the Netherlands.

Because payments are guaranteed, this payment method is a huge surplus for your online store.

### SOFORT Banking
[SOFORT Banking](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/sofort) is one of the most popular payment methods in Germany and active in 9 European countries:

Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, Austria, Poland, Switzerland, Spain and the United Kingdom.

Payments are direct, non-reversible and this payment method opens up a huge market potential for your online store.

### ING Home’Pay
[ING Home’Pay](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/ing-homepay). Mollie allows you to quickly and easily accept payments with ING Home'Pay.

It only takes 10 minutes to start receiving payments and there are no hidden fees involved, you only pay for successful transactions.

### Bank transfers
[Bank transfers](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/bank-transfer) received in the SEPA zone via [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/). This allows you to receive payments from both individuals and business customers in more than 35 European countries.

### PayPal
[PayPal](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/paypal) is a very popular payment method which is used worldwide. In a just few clicks, you can receive payments by bank transfer, credit card or PayPal balance.

### paysafecard
[paysafecard](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/paysafecard) is the most popular prepaid card for online payments. With paysafecard you can receive prepaid payments from 43 countries.

### KBC/CBC Payment Button
The [KBC / CBC Payment Button](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/kbc-cbc) is an online payment method for KBC and CBC customers, together the largest bank in Belgium. 

KBC focuses on Flanders and CBC on Wallonia.

### Belfius Pay Button
[Belfius](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/belfius) is one of the largest banks in Belgium. By introducing the Belfius Pay Button, the bank provides its customers with their own payment solution.

### CartaSi
[CartaSi](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/cartasi) is one of the most widely used payment methods in Italy. 

There are over 13 million CartaSi credit cards in circulation.

### Cartes Bancaires
[Cartes Bancaires](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/cartes-bancaires) are the most used credit cards in France, with more than 64 million cards in circulation. 

The cards are co-branded with Visa.

### EPS
[EPS](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/eps). The Electronic Payment Standard (EPS) is a payment method, developed by various Austrian banks. 

This makes EPS the main bank transfer payment method in Austria and highly popular with Austrian shoppers. 

### Giropay
[Giropay](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/giropay). Giropay is a popular bank transfer payment method in Germany. 

It uses more than 1,500 German banks, which makes it a trusted payment method under German customers.

### Klarna: Pay later
[Klarna: Pay later](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/klarna-pay-later). Klarna is a flexible payment solution, which allows your customers various, flexible, ways to pay. 

With Mollie you can integrate Klarna: Pay later quickly and start processing payments right away. 

### Klarna: Slice it
[Klarna: Slice it](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/klarna-slice-it). Klarna is a flexible payment solution, which allows your customers various, flexible, ways to pay. 

With Mollie you can integrate Klarna: Slice it quickly and start processing payments right away.

# Frequently Asked Questions #

**The module can not be installed in PrestaShop 1.7.**

* Go to the root of your website via FTP and then open the 'modules' folder.
* Delete the folder named 'mollie'.
* Re-install the Mollie module for PrestaShop 1.7.

**I have installed the module, but the module does not appear during checkout.**

* Check if the module is switched on and the correct API key is set. See the installation instructions.
* Check if euros is set as currency in your store. Mollie only supports euros.
* Check via "Advanced parameters" -> "Performance" if "Minimize HTML" is disabled.

**Do I also need to set a return and / or webhook URL?**

There is no need to set a redirect URL or webhook. The module automatically does this with every order.

**After a successful payment, my customers will see the order history instead of the order confirmation.**

This is a bug in PrestaShop which has been fixed from version 1.6.0.7. To resolve this, you should update your PrestaShop version. If you do not want to do this, you could also fix the bug yourself by adjusting one line of code. 

The relevant [github issue](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/issues/3) tells you exactly how to do this.

**The order status is not updated**

Mollie sends a message to your website when the status of the payment changes. It is possible that Mollie could not reach your website or that your website could not process the status.

* Check your [Mollie management](https://www.mollie.com/beheer/) whether there are failed reports. <!-- [More information](https://www.mollie.com/nl/support/post/ik-krijg-een-e-mail-over-gefaalde-http-rapportages-wat-nu/)-->
* Check if your website is running in 'maintenance mode'. Mollie can not reach your website if your website is running in maintenance mode if the Mollie module version is below 2.0.0. 
From version 2.0.0 and up, the Mollie module does work in maintenance mode.
* Sometimes something goes wrong when creating the invoice. Check if the "Enable image for product" option is turned off in "Orders" -> "Invoices" -> "Invoice options" (from PrestaShop 1.6.1.0) or in "Preferences" -> "Orders" -> "PDF settings "(in PrestaShop 1.6.0.12 to 1.6.0.14).

# Would you like to help improve this module? #

Would you like to help make this module for PrestaShop even better? We are always open to [pull requests](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr).

And how about working at a [technology driven organization](https://jobs.mollie.com/)? Mollie is always looking for developers and system engineers. [Check our vacancies](https://jobs.mollie.com/) or [contact us](mailto:personeel@mollie.com).

# License #
[BSD (Berkeley Software Distribution) License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php).
Copyright (c) 2013-2019, Mollie B.V.

# Support #

Do you have problems with the installation or do you think the module contains a bug? Send an email
to info@mollie.com with a accurate description of the problem.

# release preparation #

Before creating release zip make sure to delete:
/nod_module
/view/js/node_module
/view/js/ignoreme
/test/
/.github
/.git
/gitignore
/vendorBuilder

# composer update #
To update composer: 
1. run: make bvn
2. add 'if (!function_exists('MolliePrefix\random_bytes')) {}' in mollie/vendor/paragonie/random_compat/lib/random_bytes_mcrypt.php line: 44
3. add 'if (!function_exists('MolliePrefix\random_bytes')) {}' in mollie/vendor/paragonie/random_compat/lib/random.php line: 159
4. need to replace function_exists(' to function_exists('\MolliePrefix\ in vendor

Commit message:

4.1.1 feature/ creating zip on deploy (#144)
* MOL-336 adding trim to order listing select, if 2 commas - mysql error

* MOL-327 added rubles because docs says that it is supported.

* fixed left menu icon on module upgrade (#132)

Co-authored-by: lukas <lukas.vaivada@invertus.eu>

* trying deploy

* adds deploy

* adds steps

* adds deploy

* checking file moving

* creates dir

* moves current f

* copies to mollie subdir

* recursive copy

* adds copy

* copy not mollie

* adds stuff

* adds not current folder

* stuff

* cancels workflow

* bunch of removal

* does the copying

* optimizes autoloaders vendors

* recursive copy

* recursive copy

* tries move

* no mkdir

* deploy

* adds copying files etc...

* fixes stuff

* fixes removal process

* fixes deployment

* fixes more stuff

* removes all files

* adds stuff

* fixes deploy

* adds deploy

* adds zip

Co-authored-by: Tomas Jasulaitis <tomas.jasulaitis@invertus.eu>
Co-authored-by: tomjas1997 <72136043+tomjas1997@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: lukas <lukas.vaivada@invertus.eu>
Co-authored-by: lukvai <37104879+lukvai@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://info.mollie.com/hubfs/github/prestashop/logo.png" width="128" height="128"/>
</p>
<h1 align="center">Mollie for Prestashop</h1>

> [Nederlands](README_NL.md) | [Deutsch](README_DE.md) | [Français](README_FR.md) | [Español](README_ES.md)

Download the [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) module for PrestaShop. Mollie is a payment service provider (PSP) which provides your online store with the most popular online payment methods. 

Receive payments from European customers with ease. Mollie provides payment methods at higly competitive rates. Only pay per transaction and no hidden fees.

Choose the best payment provider available for your online PrestaShop store. Create your merchant account at [Mollie.com](https://www.mollie.com/). 
Download and install the Mollie PrestaShop payment module and start receiving online payments now!

<!-- # PrestaShop payment service provider [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/). #

Download the [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) module for PrestaShop. Mollie is a payment service provider (PSP) which provides your online store with the most popular online payment methods. 

Our Multi-currency system allows you to receive payments from customers worldwide with ease. Mollie provides payment methods at higly competitive rates. Only pay per transaction and no hidden fees.

Choose the best payment provider available for your online PrestaShop store. Create your new merchant account at [Mollie.com](https://www.mollie.com/). 
Download and install the Mollie PrestaShop payment module and start receiving online payments now! -->

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mollie/PrestaShop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mollie/PrestaShop)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/mollie/PrestaShop.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)
[![Release badge](https://img.shields.io/github/release/mollie/PrestaShop.svg)](https://github.com/mollie/PrestaShop/releases/latest)

## Maintained by [Invertus](https://www.invertus.eu/). ##

## Compatible with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7 ##

** Please note: ** FTP access to your web server could be required for the installation of this module.
If you have no experience with this, then leave the installation of this module to your website developer or server administrator.

## Installation PrestaShop 1.7 ##

* Download the latest version of the module (the '.zip' file) via the [Releases page](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/releases) which is compatible 
with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7.
* Go to the administration panel of your PrestaShop webshop
* In your administration panel, select the 'Modules' tab and then choose 'upload a module' at the top right of your screen
* Select 'select file' and then upload the '.zip' file which you downloaded earlier
* After the module has been installed, choose 'configure'
* Enter your _API-key_ and save the data.

## Installation PrestaShop 1.6 ##

* Download the latest version of the module (the '.zip' file) via the [Releases-page](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/releases) which is compatible 
with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7.
* Go to the administration panel of your PrestaShop webshop
* In your administration panel, select the 'Modules' tab and then choose 'upload a module' at the top right of your screen
* Select 'select file' and then upload the '.zip' file which you downloaded earlier
* After the module has been installed, choose 'configure'
* Enter your _API-key_ and save the data.

## or ##

* Download the latest version of the module (the '.zip' file) via the [Releases-page](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/releases) which is compatible 
with PrestaShop 1.6 to 1.7.
* Extract the archive
* Copy the `mollie` folder to the` modules` folder via FTP in your PrestaShop installation
* Go to the tab 'Modules' in your administration panel and choose 'Payments and Gateways' in the 'Categories' list.
* Click on the 'install' button on the right of the Mollie Payment Module
* Enter your _API-key_ and save the data.

# Supported payment methods

### iDeal 

[iDEAL](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/ideal) makes paying for your online purchases safe, secure and easy.
iDEAL is a Dutch payment system which links customers directly to their online banking program when making an online purchase.

[Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) makes it easy to connect with iDEAL,  without the usual technical and administrative hassle.
Mollie gives you access to your transaction overviews and other statistics at any time. It is also possible to receive a notification by e-mail or SMS after every successful payment.

[Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) is the perfect partner for recieving iDEAL payments and it is not surprising that [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) provides iDEAL payments 
for more than 40,000 websites.

### Credit card
[Credit card](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/credit-card) is virtually the best-known method for receiving payments with global coverage. 

Because [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/) supports the biggest credit card brands like Mastercard, VISA and American Express, your store will attract a lot more potential buyers.

### Bancontact
[Bancontact](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/bancontact) uses a physical card that is linked to credit on a Belgian bank account. Payments via Bancontact / Mister Cash are guaranteed and strongly resemble the iDEAL payment system for the Netherlands.

Because payments are guaranteed, this payment method is a huge surplus for your online store.

### SOFORT Banking
[SOFORT Banking](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/sofort) is one of the most popular payment methods in Germany and active in 9 European countries:

Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Italy, Austria, Poland, Switzerland, Spain and the United Kingdom.

Payments are direct, non-reversible and this payment method opens up a huge market potential for your online store.

### ING Home’Pay
[ING Home’Pay](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/ing-homepay). Mollie allows you to quickly and easily accept payments with ING Home'Pay.

It only takes 10 minutes to start receiving payments and there are no hidden fees involved, you only pay for successful transactions.

### Bank transfers
[Bank transfers](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/bank-transfer) received in the SEPA zone via [Mollie](https://www.mollie.com/). This allows you to receive payments from both individuals and business customers in more than 35 European countries.

### PayPal
[PayPal](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/paypal) is a very popular payment method which is used worldwide. In a just few clicks, you can receive payments by bank transfer, credit card or PayPal balance.

### paysafecard
[paysafecard](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/paysafecard) is the most popular prepaid card for online payments. With paysafecard you can receive prepaid payments from 43 countries.

### KBC/CBC Payment Button
The [KBC / CBC Payment Button](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/kbc-cbc) is an online payment method for KBC and CBC customers, together the largest bank in Belgium. 

KBC focuses on Flanders and CBC on Wallonia.

### Belfius Pay Button
[Belfius](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/belfius) is one of the largest banks in Belgium. By introducing the Belfius Pay Button, the bank provides its customers with their own payment solution.

### CartaSi
[CartaSi](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/cartasi) is one of the most widely used payment methods in Italy. 

There are over 13 million CartaSi credit cards in circulation.

### Cartes Bancaires
[Cartes Bancaires](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/cartes-bancaires) are the most used credit cards in France, with more than 64 million cards in circulation. 

The cards are co-branded with Visa.

### EPS
[EPS](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/eps). The Electronic Payment Standard (EPS) is a payment method, developed by various Austrian banks. 

This makes EPS the main bank transfer payment method in Austria and highly popular with Austrian shoppers. 

### Giropay
[Giropay](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/giropay). Giropay is a popular bank transfer payment method in Germany. 

It uses more than 1,500 German banks, which makes it a trusted payment method under German customers.

### Klarna: Pay later
[Klarna: Pay later](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/klarna-pay-later). Klarna is a flexible payment solution, which allows your customers various, flexible, ways to pay. 

With Mollie you can integrate Klarna: Pay later quickly and start processing payments right away. 

### Klarna: Slice it
[Klarna: Slice it](https://www.mollie.com/en/payments/klarna-slice-it). Klarna is a flexible payment solution, which allows your customers various, flexible, ways to pay. 

With Mollie you can integrate Klarna: Slice it quickly and start processing payments right away.

# Frequently Asked Questions #

**The module can not be installed in PrestaShop 1.7.**

* Go to the root of your website via FTP and then open the 'modules' folder.
* Delete the folder named 'mollie'.
* Re-install the Mollie module for PrestaShop 1.7.

**I have installed the module, but the module does not appear during checkout.**

* Check if the module is switched on and the correct API key is set. See the installation instructions.
* Check if euros is set as currency in your store. Mollie only supports euros.
* Check via "Advanced parameters" -> "Performance" if "Minimize HTML" is disabled.

**Do I also need to set a return and / or webhook URL?**

There is no need to set a redirect URL or webhook. The module automatically does this with every order.

**After a successful payment, my customers will see the order history instead of the order confirmation.**

This is a bug in PrestaShop which has been fixed from version 1.6.0.7. To resolve this, you should update your PrestaShop version. If you do not want to do this, you could also fix the bug yourself by adjusting one line of code. 

The relevant [github issue](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/issues/3) tells you exactly how to do this.

**The order status is not updated**

Mollie sends a message to your website when the status of the payment changes. It is possible that Mollie could not reach your website or that your website could not process the status.

* Check your [Mollie management](https://www.mollie.com/beheer/) whether there are failed reports. <!-- [More information](https://www.mollie.com/nl/support/post/ik-krijg-een-e-mail-over-gefaalde-http-rapportages-wat-nu/)-->
* Check if your website is running in 'maintenance mode'. Mollie can not reach your website if your website is running in maintenance mode if the Mollie module version is below 2.0.0. 
From version 2.0.0 and up, the Mollie module does work in maintenance mode.
* Sometimes something goes wrong when creating the invoice. Check if the "Enable image for product" option is turned off in "Orders" -> "Invoices" -> "Invoice options" (from PrestaShop 1.6.1.0) or in "Preferences" -> "Orders" -> "PDF settings "(in PrestaShop 1.6.0.12 to 1.6.0.14).

# Would you like to help improve this module? #

Would you like to help make this module for PrestaShop even better? We are always open to [pull requests](https://github.com/mollie/Prestashop/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr).

And how about working at a [technology driven organization](https://jobs.mollie.com/)? Mollie is always looking for developers and system engineers. [Check our vacancies](https://jobs.mollie.com/) or [contact us](mailto:personeel@mollie.com).

# License #
[BSD (Berkeley Software Distribution) License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php).
Copyright (c) 2013-2019, Mollie B.V.

# Support #

Do you have problems with the installation or do you think the module contains a bug? Send an email
to info@mollie.com with a accurate description of the problem.

# release preparation #

A pull request and merge generates zip archive which can be used for release.
